[Ready] 0.19 Migration guide documentation (#3544)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/resources/migration.md

```bash
kedro run --params=param_key1:value1,param_key2:2.0
```
You should now use the following:

```bash
kedro run --params=param_key1=value1,param_key2=2.0
```

For more information see ["How to specify parameters at runtime"](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/configuration/parameters.html#how-to-specify-parameters-at-runtime).

### `create_default_data_set()` was removed from `Runner`
Kedro 0.19 removed the `create_default_data_set()` method in the `Runner`. To overwrite the default dataset creation, you need to use the new `Runner` class argument `extra_dataset_patterns` instead.

On class instantiation, pass the `extra_dataset_patterns` argument, and overwrite the default `MemoryDataset` creation as follows:

```python
from kedro.runner import ThreadRunner

runner = ThreadRunner(extra_dataset_patterns={"{default}": {"type": "MyCustomDataset"}})
```

### `project_version` was removed
Kedro 0.19 removed `project_version` in `pyproject.toml`. Use `kedro_init_version` instead:

```diff
[tool.kedro]
package_name = "my_project"
project_name = "my project"
- project_version = "0.19.1"
+ kedro_init_version = "0.19.1"
```

### Datasets changes in 0.19

> #### `requests`-specific arguments in `catalog.yml` have moved

Reviewer: Would it make more sense to separate Specific dataset changes versus generic one?

"`requests`-specific arguments in `catalog.yml` have moved" sounds like something bigger but it actually only affect one APIDataset where as the removal of `layer` affect all datasets. I'd also re-order this because `layer` is more important.

From 0.19, if you use `APIDataset`, you need to move all `requests`-specific arguments, e.g. `params`, `headers`, in the hierarchy to sit under `load_args`. The `url` and `method` arguments are not affected.

For example the following `APIDataset` in `catalog.yml` changes from the following in 0.18.x code:

```yaml
us_corn_yield_data:
  type: api.APIDataSet
  url: https://quickstats.nass.usda.gov
  credentials: usda_credentials
  params:
    key: SOME_TOKEN
    format: JSON
```

to this in 0.19.x:

```yaml
us_corn_yield_data:
  type: api.APIDataSet
  url: https://quickstats.nass.usda.gov
  credentials: usda_credentials
  load_args:
    params:
      key: SOME_TOKEN
      format: JSON
```

#### The `layer` attribute in `catalog.yml` has moved

> From 0.19, the `layer` attribute at the top level has been  moved inside the `metadata` -> `kedro-viz` attribute. You need to update `catalog.yml` accordingly.

Reviewer: Should we cross link the docs https://docs.kedro.org/projects/kedro-viz/en/v6.6.1/kedro-viz_visualisation.html#visualise-layers?

The following `catalog.yml` entry changes from the following in 0.18.x code:

```yaml
companies:
  type: pandas.CSVDataSet
  filepath: data/01_raw/companies.csv
  layer: raw
```

to this in 0.19.x:

```yaml
companies:

>   type: pandas.CSVDataSet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  type: pandas.CSVDataset
```

This is not related to layer but we should use the lower case

  filepath: data/01_raw/companies.csv
  metadata:
    kedro-viz:
      layer: raw
```

#### Dataset renaming

> In 0.19.0 we renamed dataset and error classes in accordance with the [Kedro lexicon](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/wiki/Kedro-documentation-style-guide).

Author: ```suggestion
In 0.19.0 we renamed dataset and error classes to follow the [Kedro lexicon](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/wiki/Kedro-documentation-style-guide).
```

| --------------------------- | --------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `AbstractDataset`           | `AbstractDataSet`           | `kedro.io.core`                |
| `AbstractVersionedDataset`  | `AbstractVersionedDataSet`  | `kedro.io.core`                |
| `CachedDataset`             | `CachedDataSet`             | `kedro.io.cached_dataset`      |
| `LambdaDataset`             | `LambdaDataSet`             | `kedro.io.lambda_dataset`      |
| `MemoryDataset`             | `MemoryDataSet`             | `kedro.io.memory_dataset`      |
| `DatasetError`              | `DataSetError`              | `kedro.io.core`                |
| `DatasetAlreadyExistsError` | `DataSetAlreadyExistsError` | `kedro.io.core`                |
| `DatasetNotFoundError`      | `DataSetNotFoundError`      | `kedro.io.core`                |

#### All other dataset classes are removed from the core Kedro repository (`kedro.extras.datasets`)
You now need to install and import datasets from the [`kedro-datasets`](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-plugins/tree/main/kedro-datasets) package instead.

> 

Reviewer: ### Configuration environment need to be declared in `settings.py` explicitly if you have custom arguments
For example, if you used `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS`  in `settings.py` to read spark's configs, you need to add `base_env` and `default_run_env` explicitly.

Pre 0.19
```
CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS = {
#       "base_env": "base",
#       "default_run_env": "local",
    "config_patterns": {
        "spark": ["spark*", "spark*/**"],
    }
}
```
In 0.19.x:
```
CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS = {
      "base_env": "base",  #
      "default_run_env": "local",
          "config_patterns": {
              "spark": ["spark*", "spark*/**"],
          }
}
```

If you didn't use `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS`, this is not needed because Kedro would set it by default.

### Configuration changes in 0.19

The `ConfigLoader` and `TemplatedConfigLoader` classes were deprecated in Kedro 0.18.12 and were removed in Kedro 0.19.0. To use that release or later, you must now adopt the `OmegaConfigLoader`. The [configuration migration guide](../configuration/config_loader_migration.md) outlines the primary distinctions between the old loaders and the OmegaConfigLoader, and provides step-by-step instructions on updating your code base to use the new class effectively.

#### Changes to the default environments
The default configuration environment has changed in 0.19 and needs to be declared in `settings.py` explicitly if you have custom arguments. For example, if you use `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS`  in `settings.py` to read Spark configuration, you need to add `base_env` and `default_run_env` explicitly.

Before 0.19.x:

```
CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS = {
#       "base_env": "base",
#       "default_run_env": "local",
    "config_patterns": {
        "spark": ["spark*", "spark*/**"],
    }
}
```

In 0.19.x:

```
CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS = {

>       "base_env": "base",  #

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "base_env": "base", 
```

| `DatasetError`              | `DataSetError`              | `kedro.io.core`                |
| `DatasetAlreadyExistsError` | `DataSetAlreadyExistsError` | `kedro.io.core`                |
| `DatasetNotFoundError`      | `DataSetNotFoundError`      | `kedro.io.core`                |

* All other dataset classes are removed from the core Kedro repository (`kedro.extras.datasets`). Install and import them from the [`kedro-datasets`](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-plugins/tree/main/kedro-datasets) package instead.

### Logging
`logging.yml` is now independent of Kedro's run environment and only used if `KEDRO_LOGGING_CONFIG` is set to point to it.

> <!-- TO DO - add example code that illustrates where the changes have occured (which files are affected) -->

Reviewer 2: The changes made here were pretty much all non user facing. I found it a bit hard to explain so just linked to the full docs if users want to know more about how logging works.
